---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I'm an infectious disease epidemiology graduate student with a
background in public health, economics, and data analysis. My broad research
interests include: the impact of human mobility on disease spread, spatial
analysis, phylogeography, and infectious disease modeling.

## Academic background

Currently, I'm in the middle of my first year as a Master of Science (ScM)
student at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. My degree is in
Epidemiology, with a focus in Infectious Disease Epidemiology. In addition to
being a full-time student, I'm also a Research Assistant in the Infectious
Disease Dynamics group where I've been working with cell phone mobility data
from Sub-Saharan Africa. For my undergraduate degree, I also attended Johns
Hopkins University where I received a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Public
Health Studies.

## Work history

Between my undergraduate and graduate studies, I spent 3 years working in
Washington, DC. My first job out of undergrad was at the economic consulting
firm [Charles River Associates](https://www.crai.com/), where I was an Analyst
in the Antitrust and Competition Economics practice. I primarily conducted
economic data analyses for expert reports using Stata and Excel. Two large cases
I worked on involved monopolization of healthcare data and anticompetitive drug
pricing.

After over a year at Charles River Associates, I realized a career closer to
public health was more suitable. I switched to a Health Data Analyst role at
[U.S. News & World Report](https://www.usnews.com/) in September 2019. At U.S.
News, I contributed to projects such as the Best Hospitals Rankings and Ratings,
Best Nursing Homes Ratings, and the novel Best Hospitals Health Equity Measures.
In addition to these projects, I also conducted statistical analyses and
co-authored multiple data journalism articles covering various topics around
health disparities including [access to surgical care](https://health.usnews.com/health-care/best-hospitals/articles/who-gets-high-quality-hospital-care), [racial disparities in surgical outcomes](https://health.usnews.com/health-care/best-hospitals/articles/race-and-risk-post-surgery), [inequity of colon cancer diagnosis/treatment](https://health.usnews.com/health-care/best-hospitals/articles/colon-cancer-disparities-in-america), and [differences in community demographics compared to the demographics of hospital patients](https://health.usnews.com/health-news/blogs/second-opinion/articles/2021-07-27/analysis-of-racial-gaps-in-hospital-care).
